Move DPI logic (#3412)
f3d-app/f3d: doc/libf3d/06-MIGRATION.md

The function `f3d::context::getSymbol` function is now expecting a library full path or a filename.
The library prefix and extension is not appended automatically anymore.

## DPI scaling

> `f3d::window::getDPIScale()` must be used instead of the static `f3d::utils::getDPIScale()` API to get the DPI scaling value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`f3d::window::getDPIScale()` should now be used instead of the static `f3d::utils::getDPIScale()` API to get the DPI scaling value.
```
